Hey
Today is the big day for the engagement of the late emperor of the Han family
There is no invitation here.
Can't go in
How is that possible?
Today is my son's engagement ceremony
There is no reason not to let the man in
He is the bridegroom
Open your dog eyes and see clearly
Who is the protagonist today?
Noble family Zhao family Zhao Jincheng
How is this possible?
It's all Ye Huang's fault
If he hadn't made a fuss about the group and disrupted the cooperation
How could this Han family suddenly cancel?
What song is this?
Your family
It's a shame
This family and friends
Everyone knows that my son Yayama is today
The winter vacation lady is engaged
What's going on here?
This is so far
I can only take out the unconscious problem.
Otherwise, Xiaofang's marriage will definitely be soaked in soup
This
After my father died the day before yesterday
Also at today's workplace engagement party
They took the heirloom throne
The Han family broke the marriage contract in front of everyone
Let me be humiliated in public
Let's see how the local area makes you regret it today
We can't
Then this line
This
This is a black card with the highest level to go to the hotel.
If you have a black card, you can naturally enter and exit any occasion.
Hey everyone please come in
Get used to where this kid got his platinum card?
Congratulations, congratulations, congratulations, thank you.
Everyone, congratulations, congratulations, thank you.
It's a pity that the trash came back
Otherwise I have to let him see him for himself
How did I play with him?
hate
Aren't you going to be your woman from start to finish?
This looks good.
Zhao Shao
Hahaha
Men first beautiful woman
Looks a bit selfish
For example, after our marriage
Well, it's easy to remarry
Wait until then
You are the accountant
He makes small money
You are bad
Miss Fu
Thank you for coming to my engagement ceremony
Who am I?
The greatest advantage is that it is broad-minded
Hahaha so
If you don't mind
I would like to be
Sister-in-law's godfather
Zhao Shao
It's inappropriate for you to say that on this occasion today, right?
What is this?
No, definitely not.